:title: On a Bus
:author: Shreesh
:updated: 2006-06-08 18:20
:timezone: UTC
:category: work
:feed: all
:copyright: Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported


On a Bus
------------

I can almost imagine myself,sitting in the back seat of a mini bus with
a big fat book, straining my eyes on the pathetic font of a gripping
novel and bumping around on the "asphalt" roads of Bangalore.

I need not hurry for I have got all the time in the world, till I reach
my home.It's been, after all just 2 hours since I left my office(which
is BTW located in a far-off(not distance-wise, time-wise) place called
Marathalli).And we have yet to come out of our campus gates. I can even
finish a thesis on the book and get a PhD as well, which is only limited
by my vacuum filled brain, the proof of which lies in the fact that, I
ended up in this state of day schedule 4hrs-journey
9hrs(hopefully)-journey 8hrs- sleep. Come 17th and for me it will all
become a reality.The same old routine of getting early,only to find out
that it was not early enough,again. Pathetically running to the bus stop
to catch the last hope of reaching office,alive before I have to turn
the BMTC buses. The same old zombie feeling in the morning, and by the
time you feel alive..get ready for the trek back home. I don't have any
inclination to work in a "swanky" building, and that too after a 2hr
drive?no than ks. What do you get in that High-5 building?a puny 3x3
plastic box-open on 3 sides, called a cubicle? My father has had a
separate room since he was 19.And I am still stuck with this `sick
cube <http://slashdot.org/articles/06/03/09/1943243.shtml>`_ (read the
link if you empathize with me on this regard) Where me,my chair and my
comp fight for every inch of space available.Not to speak of the
"privacy" that comes free with a 4 cubicle piece.I could dwell on that
thing on for pages together,but that is so goddamn pointless .Cubes cut
costs for the Company..and you know what that means. I would give an arm
and a tooth for an office near to where I live.

Why cant we have a decentralized working system?Instead of all the
employees flocking at a single place,let the different team(who BTW
serve no purpose working at a single location because they rarely
interact) be located a different places which are convenient to all the
team members,Data exchange should not be a problem. So why herd everyone
at those huge buildings?To show off? that we-the-company have more
money-money so please customers come-come?sic. But what the heck, as
usual I end up compromising. But no one and absolutely NO ONE is gonna
stop me from cribbing about it.

So there.

