:title: One Year 
:author: Shreesh
:updated: 2006-11-28 18:20
:timezone: UTC
:feed: all
:copyright: Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported
:category: work 


One Year 
-------------------

As Feb 20th draws near,eMuzed remembers this day with a grimace. It was
this day,1 year ago, When it let in a moron-looking dude of semi-cooked
knowledge of Em-bedded Soft-ware (Soft bedded Emware??),with the josh of
10 Bulls(nulls?) with their tail bitten. But must say this one year went
like a cool breeze on a hot and sweaty Chennai afternoon.

Though eMuzed became whatitsname then finally to become
whatthefuckitsname,one aspect never changed: The human resource.And I
thoroughly enjoyed the company of a few lucky resources. And maybe ill
remember eMuzed for the people and then maybe about the work.

Here's a lsit of characters in the Doomed-to-flop movie called "NULLa?"
(pronounce like "Malla" with a N.Not to be confused with the Kannada
word Nalla (without the Question mark),because i don't know what it
means,better safe than sorry).

**Characters in order of Appearance**
  -  Harish alias Harishah alias Harishaaaa alias ...(var args) :
     Bored?mood out?Angry? All you need is a dose of Harish and you will
     feel alive again. The mother...sorry father of all painkillers,He is
     the man with a sheer talent of communication. Harish has a 80feet
     highway running between his heart and Mouth.Clear as a see-through
     glass and has been my perfect friend. As Open as Linux,as reliable as
     Mac OS and as known about as Windows. My tip:never try to disprove
     whatever he says however unbelievable he might try to sound, 9 out of
     10,he will be right,sadly. Brainy guy who acts otherwise.

  -  Sudhir alias Ski: Sky the person with a grunge-voice and fuck you(can
     be literally,on demand) attitude. Sky has two weakness RC and DC.And
     when they both mix,It rains DC,DC and some more DC. Sky the DON with
     carom,TT, and DC.Is psychic about RD burman,and Spirituality,Has a
     talent of playing around with words and a flair for "RnD".Get a
     feeling that he is the role model for his juniors(Poor souls).

  -  Srinivas alias Seena alias Sheena: A seasoned athlete, who
     specializes in the Triathlon event comprising Marathon
     ramblings,Grueling(for the listeners that is) singing sessions and a
     strenuous Kannada conversation;leave you gasping for breath.An
     outright honest character, with an innocence that shines forth.Whats
     on his heart, is in no time right out of his mouth and banging on the
     listener's ear drums.Has a highly developed brain which he puts to
     good use(occasionally to bug others,when he doesn't have to Debug).

  -  A Hologram Sticker:

  -  Vinod : The panta in every sense of the word.His major major talent:
     eagerness to help others(Read ME). Saved my ballz when I had them in
     a grinding machine. Someday he will grow over pinkfloyd.

  -  RS: A PYT with brain.Wherever she goes,'Man'kind follows.

And two other certain PYTs whom I dare not approach coz of regular
outbreak of wheezing cough among male colleagues,whenever I reach their
vicinity.An interesting challenge for the Medical faculty to do their
"RnD" on.

Won't forget in a hurry the carrom matches,the walk on JB nagar main
road to eat chaats,the senseless talk,"oil" sessions in ski's house,the
AC-less,water-less facility that was B3,and of course a little of what I
did in office...work.

