:title: If cricket is a religion then i am an atheist 
:author: Shreesh
:updated: 2007-03-07 05:23
:timezone: UTC
:feed: all
:copyright: Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported
:category: sports


If cricket is a religion then i am an atheist 
--------------------------------------------------------------

Now, after all the hullabaloo over the 'unexpected loss ' of the Indian
cricket team in the ongoing world cup of paltry 12 countries,after
cursing the 11 blue upcoming Ad actors for their absence of ballz to
tame a cricket ball, after sympathizing with the coach for having to put
up with all flash-pan talents that form the cricket of a billion
people,and after deciding to hold a Hi-Level conferences to decide the
winner of the lot(who gets the esteemed title of HisBakraness) ,Its time
to be different and nominate a new bakra to take the blame.umm..make
that bakras...

Hurray!Its Us!

Yep we are the real culprits behind this colossal depression sweeping
the nation. Whats our crime?Our crime,ladies and ladas, is that we
believed..

Ever wondered why we believe in our 'awesome' cricket team so much so
that we cheer for their amazing fighting spirit while playing 'talented'
teams like Zimbabwe,bangladesh,kenya..or heck they would even make a
close match against a banana leaf-clad group of tribal people from
Andaman Why? because it their duty and responsibility to make the match
interesting for the scores of fanatics..ummm sorry fans back home and in
front...of the field, I meant.How bloody considerate of them.

Ever wondered why we cheer the team india even when they lose(close or
drubbing dosent matter) to the finger countable countries that play test
cricket?

Ever wondered why we always seem to believe in something that dosen't
exist? (In the case study of cricket..its the talent that doesn't exist)

So,ill repeat the question,lest i deviate from the point i wish to
make,however I would like to wander you off the flesh of the blog just
to prove how bloody amazingly talented i am at satire and what not.Here
I repeat,yet again, the question i was going to ask at the start of this
paragraph which is going on like a big-bubble chewing gum drawn out of
your mouth slowly after squeezing the juice out of it.And its getting
equally gross as well.

Finally here is the question: WHY THE HELL WE BELIEVE IN THE INDIAN
CRICKET TEAM TO WIN THE BLOODY WORLD CUP OF 12 COUNTRIES?

The flaw is in our part(no.Not that part) The part of us which has been
handed down to us from th time of our forefathers(who were not yet human
and a little monkey types).

The part of us which looks for a scapegoat to blame our failures,our
frustrations(not that type) and our KLPDs(not that..err. ok, that type
only) which is none other than our very own mysterious Mr God.

Yep.

We are taught to 'believe' in yourselves even if you are shit at
everything. We are taught to 'just give your best' and leave everything
to 'him'(pointing their forefinger to the sky,or to the mosquitoes
flying over your head..don't know which)

We are taught to 'just have some faith'(ala Hollywood movies with a hot
actress touching your hand with an inspirational background score.ha!
which moron doesn't want to have faith then?).

When the truth is -> Nobody knows what the heck they are talking about.
Never seen a any angle flying over the Australian team when they beat
the crap out of the indians.Never seen any devil with a tail, poking at
the butts of our cricketrs when they fall hopelessly all over the tiny
cricket ball.

We all trying to build a real castle of our dreams with virtual pillars.

In short,We just have it in us,to just close our eyes and imagine a
super-hero and pray so bloody hard that,we get some air pumped into us
where there actually should be talent.

Now,show me the moron who says 'After all the preparation,you just need
to have some faith to win it' . Ill let loose him amidst some cricket
fans who are pissed in mega and giga litres of pee.

Bottom line: Don't believe in hot air,believe in facts,believe in
reality for chrissake!

PS:to be continued...but take a look at this link to grasp what i am
really getting at

http://www.abovetopsecret.com/pages/ufocoverup.html.

